PG html templates (#1641)
BabylonJS/Documentation: content/features/PGsupport/Playground.md

[full.html](https://www.babylonjs-playground.com/full.html#6F0LKI#2) | show the render area in full screen
[frame.html](https://www.babylonjs-playground.com/frame.html#6F0LKI#2) | show the render area in full screen, but with a bottom toolbar showing FPS, reload and edit buttons
[indexStable.html](https://www.babylonjs-playground.com/indexStable.html#6F0LKI#2) | use the BJS stable version, not the preview one

> [debug.html](https://www.babylonjs-playground.com/debug.html#6F0LKI#2) | used for development for debugging a new Playground feature before merging with the index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[debug.html](https://www.babylonjs-playground.com/debug.html#6F0LKI#2) | used to run a version of the playground which uses debug version of babylon.js
```
